README.md, before:

# F-16 Fighting Falcon
General Dynamics F-16 for Flightgear flight simulator

![Image](https://i.ibb.co/s32M2mX/f16-b50-1.png)

The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine supersonic multirole fighter aircraft by General Dynamics, exported to many countries. Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft.
The Fighting Falcon has key features including a frameless bubble canopy for better visibility, side-mounted control stick to ease control while maneuvering, a seat reclined 30 degrees to reduce the effect of g-forces on the pilot, and the first use of a relaxed static stability/fly-by-wire flight control system which helps to make it a nimble aircraft.

Includes the following Aircraft variants:

- F-16E block 60
- F-16CJ block 52
- F-16CJ block 50
- F-16CG block 42
- F-16CG block 40
- F-16C block 32
- F-16C block 30
- F-16AM block 20 (MLU)
- F-16A  block 10
- YF-16
- F-16 Simplified  (a simpler FDM, yet still complex)

The liveries you get available depends on which variant you choose to fly.
Notice that the quality of liveries differ.

Beside from that, the variants also differ in engine, FBW system and aerodynamics. See manual.txt for more info.

Weapons available and quick payload options are U.S. type.

Commit message:

Sounds: Added G-EED's files and rocket launch; Update authors; Tweaks

README.md, after:

# F-16 Fighting Falcon
General Dynamics F-16 for Flightgear flight simulator

![Image](https://i.ibb.co/s32M2mX/f16-b50-1.png)

The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a single-engine supersonic multirole fighter aircraft by General Dynamics, exported to many countries. Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all-weather multirole aircraft.
The Fighting Falcon has key features including a frameless bubble canopy for better visibility, side-mounted control stick to ease control while maneuvering, a seat reclined 30 degrees to reduce the effect of g-forces on the pilot, and the first use of a relaxed static stability/fly-by-wire flight control system which helps to make it a nimble aircraft.

Includes the following Aircraft variants:

- F-16E block 60
- F-16CJ block 52
- F-16CJ block 50
- F-16CG block 42
- F-16CG block 40
- F-16C block 32
- F-16C block 30
- F-16AM block 20 (MLU)
- F-16A  block 10
- YF-16
- F-16 Simplified  (a simpler FDM, yet still complex)

The liveries you get available depends on which variant you choose to fly.
Notice that the quality of liveries differ.

Beside from that, the variants also differ in engine, FBW system and aerodynamics. See manual.txt for more info.
Weapons available and quick payload options are U.S. type.

For the full list of contributors see authors.txt.
